my name is Brian I must leave my lambo
dragon boost booster box booster soon
and I won't say this is the rainbow I
don't wanna sell this car I'm very very
attacked four thousand defend 0 it's
still the car doesn't matter how many
defenses yeah come on perspect goes to
the force of the breaker strike on the
Niels cyber dark impact however the
Dulles and tactical an evolution alright
and how my friends n Pepa charge of the
camera psychokinesis obese it well my
testicle evolutions firstly on top as it
moves the bottom my luggages providing
our purpose he reminds me I got a
creature seizure English Shock Troopers
reverses the meals gravity goal lucky
Pierre buyers venom Bern Goodman servic
volcanic grant your snake whistle my
rare or how a car was lucky feed piper
now for my strength of the nails test
that detects road miracle Jurassic a
crop circle fake hero destiny real
adventure maybe sorry contact when a
garage can risk Roy this is not rare or
hollow call now for my side would read
confessed
the good thing about when you get a
booster 10 is there like normal booster
packs Comelec was close